AUTHOR'S DECLARATION: I, RED FOREST, (UID: Repeated 100), a Foxie Games Player, claim the authorship of this mod, and alone take responsibility of development of contents of this app and package and corresponding mods in series.
I do NOT post anything intended to be Grief mod.

DISCLAIMER: The purpose of the mods is Educational Research only.
1. I, RED FOREST, state that the responsibility of mod abuse from any user, does not default to me.
2. The sole purpose of this mod was experiments, all educational. As long as boundaries are respected, mods will be published.
3. If detected being abused, all mods are liable to be seized from public access. The abuser may also be seized of their mod.
4. I keep anti-mods for every mod I make. At the same time, we can build individual specific amendment patches, provided the grief was caused by abuse of my mods.

INTENT: The intent of creation of mods is motivated by:
1. Educational plans and projects only.
2. Abandonment of updates.
3. Instances of historical mods.
4. Cooperative modding.
5. Approval from other players to make levelling, etc. convenient.
6. Possibilities of anti-mods in case of abuse.
7. Client-authoritative game calls.
8. Role of mods in continuing an inspired gaming environment.
9. Minimal security threat from modding alone (e.g., players routinely restart progress).
10. Impossibility of privacy breaks from this mod, as far as we know. 

CAUTION: Do not abuse mod. If found abusing, your mods may be seized. Abusing can include:
1. Force modifying target's parameters despite disapproval.
2. Helping any / tampering the parameters of any Newbie.
3. EXPOSING PRIVATE MODS TO THE PUBLIC. This is clearly a violation of the gamer's rulebook, triggering seize. Use the private mods only against those who also have access to the same, else that can violate FoxieGame's Terms.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT: I acknowledge the use of several reverse engineering tools, virtual machines, several utilities, peer help and most importantly, app's version 1.12 (32-bit) for the mod.

PURPOSE: Educational Research only.

COPYRIGHT STATEMENT: Please read license.
